Add ADK Development Skills section to Coding with AI tutorial (#1402)
google/adk-docs: docs/tutorials/coding-with-ai.md

The skills package includes:

*   **`adk-cheatsheet`**: Python ADK API quick reference (agents, tools, auth, orchestration, callbacks, state) and a documentation index.
*   **`adk-dev-guide`**: Development lifecycle and mandatory coding guidelines, including spec-driven workflows, code preservation, model selection, and troubleshooting.
*   **`adk-deploy-guide`**: Deployment patterns and guides for Agent Engine, Cloud Run, GKE, CI/CD, secrets, and observability.
*   **`adk-eval-guide`**: Evaluation methodology covering eval metrics, `evalset` schemas, LLM-as-judge, and tool trajectory scoring.
*   **`adk-observability-guide`**: Setup guides for Cloud Trace, logging, and third-party integrations.
*   **`adk-scaffold`**: Project scaffolding for quickly bootstrapping new or enhanced ADK agent projects.

**Installation:**

To add these skills to your project workspace, run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
npx skills add google/adk-docs/skills -y
```

> ADK Development Skills work seameslly with your interface of choice (e.g. GeminiCLI, Cloude Code, Antigravity, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADK Development Skills work seamlessly with your coding tool of choice, including Gemini CLI, Claude Code, Antigravity, and any other tool that supports [Skills](https://agentskills.io/).
```
